Update the Tabby Deployment with Modal documentation (#2593)
TabbyML/tabby: website/docs/quick-start/installation/modal/index.md

First we import the components we need from `modal`.

```python
import os
from modal import Image, App, asgi_app, gpu, Volume
```

> Next, we set the base Docker image version and specify which model to serve, using the `L4` GPU configuration to efficiently utilize VRAM.

Reviewer: any reason a T4 GPU woundn't be sufficient?

Author: In response to your question about the sufficiency of a T4 GPU, during our testing phase, I encountered a significant number of HTTP 204 responses when using the T4 GPU. The exact cause of these issues is not clear, but it suggests that the T4 may not meet our resource or performance needs for tabby server.

Author: I add background on using Modal L4 GPU.

Reviewer: Consider lowering the parallelism to something like 1/2? We still wanna have a low end GPU able to run a minimal setup of tabby.

Author: I'll try adjusting the parallelism to about 1/2 and see how it performs with a minimal setup of Tabby.

First we import the components we need from `modal`.

```python
import os
from modal import Image, App, asgi_app, gpu, Volume
```

> Next, we set the base Docker image version and specify which model to serve. Initially, we considered using the `T4` GPU configuration for its cost-effectiveness. However, during testing, we encountered a significant number of HTTP 204 responses, indicating potential limitations with the T4's capabilities for our needs. As a result, we are now using the `L4` GPU configuration to efficiently utilize VRAM, which offers a better balance between performance and cost for our application.

Reviewer: There's no need to explain this to user - let's give T4 another try by set `--parallelism` to a lower number (e.g 2 or 1), if it's able to serve with such setting, let's just use T4 GPUs.

Author: copy that.

    subprocess.run(
        [
            TABBY_BIN,
            "download",
            "--model",
            MODEL_ID,
        ],
        env=TABBY_ENV,
    )

def download_chat_model():
    import subprocess

    subprocess.run(
        [
            TABBY_BIN,
            "download",
            "--model",
            CHAT_MODEL_ID,
        ],
        env=TABBY_ENV,
    )

```

> 

Reviewer: also need the embedding model download?

Author: Yes, I've increased the content of the cached embedding model.

    )
    .dockerfile_commands("ENTRYPOINT []")
    .run_function(download_model)
    .run_function(download_chat_model)
    .pip_install("asgi-proxy-lib")
)
```

### The app function

The endpoint function is represented with Modal's `@app.function`. Here, we:

1. Launch the Tabby process and wait for it to be ready to accept requests.
2. Create an ASGI proxy to tunnel requests from the Modal web endpoint to the local Tabby server.
3. Specify that each container is allowed to handle up to 10 requests simultaneously.
4. Keep idle containers for 2 minutes before spinning them down.

> 5. Use a Volume to efficiently manage the persistent storage of the "/data/ee" directory, crucial for housing Tabby's database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Use a Volume to efficiently manage the persistent storage of the "/data" directory, these data are persisted between restart of the instance.
```

    )
    .dockerfile_commands("ENTRYPOINT []")
    .run_function(download_model)
    .run_function(download_chat_model)
    .run_function(download_embedding_model)
    .pip_install("asgi-proxy-lib")
)
```

### The app function

The endpoint function is represented with Modal's `@app.function`. Here, we:

1. Launch the Tabby process and wait for it to be ready to accept requests.
2. Create an ASGI proxy to tunnel requests from the Modal web endpoint to the local Tabby server.
3. Specify that each container is allowed to handle up to 10 requests simultaneously.
4. Keep idle containers for 2 minutes before spinning them down.

> 5. Use a Volume to efficiently manage the persistent storage of the "/data" directory, these data are persisted between restart of the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

leave it for the blog post, instead of in this tutorial?
